[Music]
we are in John's old hood of great
nostalgia nostalgia new trade album I
love drag so much just dropped a
freaking random album he never lets us
know one of my favorite things is
listening to albums for the first time
so this this car ride has been very
enjoyable we're only like halfway
through the Drake album so Drake album
review
coming at your face soon you'll see yet
Baby Gone
we are in San Pedro right now it's
actually stunning but it is so turnt
today for some reason the traffic was
insane but oh my gosh stunning day look
look at this and that's my new yacht
[Music]
I can't take John anywhere because he's
too famous
[Music]
encountering a lot of that California
traffic hey I think we need food
I think we need some fuel watch the
change in our personalities after they
put food in our bellies little tidbit
we're at a place called sunken city
apparently everyone goes over this fence
that they're not exposed to because why
why aren't you exposed to because you
can apparently fall and die what we're
fishing besides suppose you say suppose
really okay I see suppose so now I say
right supposedly you know this place
reminds we have Sarah what you
[Music]
I've been waiting for this moment ever
since I met John really yeah maybe even
since before before what is good BG fam
damn what is good Decker you're a
real-life human more real person so Ivan
much in Dale and John's vlogs for so
long and now this is the official me I
was gonna bring Oreos for you oh that's
fine I actually make my puppy come here
Joanne come here Joanne oh you were just
so excited hi hi oh you're so cute Gail
Decker what is tomato jam
it's weird meeting people I know I know
it's crazy and you're now you're John's
exactly Dale skates with John so he's an
a ton of his vlogs he lives in LA and as
well I am just beside of myself and how
beautiful it is out here so it's close
to San Pedro this is called sunken city
and of course it's like what 66 degrees
outside right now I think once you go to
California you kind of gotta stop
mentioning how beautiful it is because
it just always it's ideal by Saros it
was fun was your meeting you such a
pleasure
hi Joe Joey say bye
Q&A in a minute and let's through of use
snapchat so we can get y'all's beautiful
faces on this video snapchat is still
relevant right right I've been trying to
snapchat a little bit more because
Instagram stories has kind of taken over
that side of things but snapchat is
still snapchat y'all are still snapping
me so here we are honestly my most crazy
recent YouTube moment was meeting
iJustine and shooting a collab video
with her I mean that's pretty creepy it
will be out soon hey Sarah my name is
Paige and I was wondering how you and
John met also I was wondering if there's
an application to be your friend
and if so where I could find it so I can
fill it out I reached out to her via
email cuz I was like let's collaborate
but secretly I thought you were a cutie
oh yes he was like you know I'm gonna be
in New York soon let's clap and I was
like yeah I'm gonna be in LA and let's
just all come your hood so he skated
around and what's so cool about YouTube
and blogging is you have a lot of these
first times that you ever met a new hue
recorded right so like all of my good
friends in my life and all of my more
than friends special people I have
recorded the first moment we have met
I'm saying yeah okay well I'll link that
video now and we got along super well
the first day we pretty much like film
like the first day we can't handle my
eyebrows honestly guys I did not choose
the eyebrow life the eyebrow life chose
whoa big question big question what's
next hopefully I will forever be a
youtuber and an Internet our first
sharing that special bond with you guys
but who knows what the future holds I
would love to do some things that maybe
help me go a little bit more mainstream
I would love to go to like the business
round maybe like CEO Sarah one day the
future is exciting but the peachy fam
will always be there alongside me
hopefully
hey Sarah I was just wondering are you
planning on making feature films and
time soon in the future because I would
really like to watch it feature films in
terms of scripted content no I'm not a
big fan of like scripted things so
feature films I don't think whatever be
in my future but feature-length
documentaries perhaps I'm going to be
dabbling in some more like longer form
content maybe 20 30 40 minute
documentaries in the future maybe when I
go to Cuba boot up
[Music]
okay that was freaking creepy no will I
ever learn to skate like John good
scared humans can't stay like John so no
maybe one day I felt hop and all we one
day miss being in Tennessee at all a
little part of me will always love
Nashville and miss Nashville Tennessee I
lived there for nine months I have a lot
of good friends there where my best
friend's Naomi if you're watching this
what's up girl Congrats on the new baby
still got a visit so I do have a lot of
good friends and friends I consider
family in there so I do miss Nashville I
will always miss Nashville who knows if
I'll ever end up there again but right
now I am loving New York City handling
hey Sarah
my question is the scale from 1 to 10
how hard is it for you to drop out for
college and do what you really wanted to
do it took me three and a half years of
college to realize that it was not where
I needed to be and it's not what I
wanted to do in life I was working I was
doing a lot of photo video stuff behind
scenes I was in a band I was doing video
stuff for my church so it's constantly
working constantly doing and learning
outside of electro engineering computer
science when those two worlds collided
and I realize holy cow video can
actually be my job it's not gonna be
easy I'm not gonna be making Bank in the
beginning but it's something I love to
do it's something that I can grow and I
the decision was
sanely easy it took me about a few
months to get to the actual point of hey
I am dropping out you know there's a lot
of late-night phone calls Jeannie my mom
but eventually once I got to that point
I was like this makes so much sense for
me it made sense for me financially in
just for my career so from one to ten
how hard was it it was like a three when
I got to the point of thinking about
dropping out I was like this is the
answer yo it's fire what's up John hey
there you go
when I ever move to California I have
said in the past that I would never ever
ever ever live in LA but you know what
they say never say never but right now
in New York City as a special place in
my heart and I love New York City so
much but I I won't say never to
California because it grows on me
every single time I come here thank you
so much both snapchat questions it's
always fun to put a face to the Peachy
famine answer your questions via at the
snapchat you can you can pick on Twitter
Instagram or snapchat whatever is your
jam you can't give me a full on those I
update all of the social medias every
single day thanks for hanging out with
me to do is a busy busy and fun one and
California is always so pretty gonna be
dropping some fun videos this week so
stay tuned Monday through Friday 8 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time until next time
guys remember stay peachy ok buddy
[Applause]
[Music]